yeah kg ohms on the mic 4001 waste my
sweat 50 poor little listen never mind
who the box this government looks about
for use Dharma level man so you want to
be a devil man it's matter what branch
you with this triple six I said that
will stop its captures career took off
Lackey's white this is keeping her up
you can raise the computable yella nice
like your pink lung
you burned your manager and find trash
approach a mixtape why never put up the
seed if either impacts you and you do
two videos later beat every man I'm
walking way than the crap that that
woman's place in non his can they count
right but I can I can do when they feel
better they can they take most of bury
this man it's hot chick for bars very
fun so why is he talking on this hole 1
2 1 do you wanna remember that one now
was on a primary school one yahoo one
your boot on still panning over your ex
Peaks what she's moved on
just cuz I'm no crew behind me go think
that you won't get moved on therefore
might wanna swing at you people lose one
let's give me money to pick up that used
on its apricot the ball pick up the
break ready talking like I'm on a bruise
one set free now I'm gonna lose one you
look if you ever you're called on a vote
one looking about for here on the same
street look at the futures I take your
bracelet when a bitch let you wanted to
fuck you make your torches out I'm
lighting the flame he gave me so from
just start in the game of useless big
boss now start in the game for my this
world they're caught in my Martian ways
through it's gonna say I get a dots of a
patient's weight in a man on the road
getting pay out on the road get in
change to Alma Punta Tombo that was be
kind because the puzzle in the
queen-size Schumer honey from a beehive
should bring me to the mic also badly
designed applause it's a me to the
seaside never got a full belly in the
fuel fires check double - thought would
a still managed and I saw a guy shorter
speech looks almost like fake money a
real guy cuz realized recognize real and
these eyes don't recognize
I'm talking more than the mics is
missing she's the fact that she's
talking more than the phrase so
something more than the price in light
of a man it ain't hard to say petty
right harness and produces them every
time
at least I put down the mic the base
victimize tracks ECB's nah no one's
really dislike fuck you burn the man up
but you s why you like you like you
you're not moving in a wave in the game
you so still act is that you super since
wanna smack you'd laugh when I passed
burn a lap you going crazy selfish my
twos before we play to this man when I
blaze I wrapped that I tap that back
with my snapback forward not backwards
in the game before but not backwards in
my life before work them three girls one
night that's a hatchery doing a hike
issue I come on stick I'm on a Friday
night twisted like a rat she was the
devil man's mom's got fish smell a cat
shit these tracks arrive and leave them
I'm moving in the coffin it looks like
gas he's been summarized
look around you know even the power need
look I don't even play golf stupid